[Music]
choice is one of the most intoxicating
things in your life it's one of the most
beautiful things any of us are ever
going to encounter but hiding in that
beauty is the most destructive force
imaginable because if you want to get
something done if you want to do that
thing that burns inside of you you have
to remember you can do anything once you
stop trying to do everything
the key to really being successful the
key to doing something at a grand scale
but key to playing on a world stage is
to pick something to be able to stand in
a room with a thousand doors and shut
999 of them to have the balls to know
which path you're willing to take and to
exclude all others but Intel you can do
that you're never going to be able to
develop the skill set that you're gonna
need to perform because here is the
reality it isn't about what you think
you should have to put in it isn't about
energy and drive that you think is
reasonable as Carl von Clausewitz said
pursue one great decisive aim with force
and determination because that is how
you bend the universe to your will that
is how you impress people that is how
you capture the human imagination and if
you want to do something extraordinary
and be remembered you've got to get so
good that you're performing at a level
that has never been seen before that is
the only path to set the bar
ridiculously high and then surpass all
expectations you can't put it down low
and then beat it and say well look at me
people don't give a they see
through that you've got to do something
that leaves their jaw a gate you've got
to do something that makes the hair on
the back of their neck stand up you've
got to leave them in awe but the only
way to do that is to get that good and
the only way to get that good is to pick
one thing and go at it with everything
you've got